  About this issue, we tried to do it in 4 methods
   KeyPoint: Actually, both reanalyse and reload function work well based on the fact that when we have less than 3 small models, these two functions get results
	     we want. However, if we have 4 or more models in repo, the initial request of the browser will fail because of no respond and the browser will keep 
	     sending request, causing the backend server keep calculating.
   1. Multithreading method: we used webworker-thread npm package.
     (1)in UMLServices.js, line 1106, we tried to use worker.postMessage(repoInfo) to pass repoInfo to child thread,that is var worker = new Worker(function),
	however, this repoInfo cannot be passed to this child thread.
     (2)the fatal error is that in callback function of new Worker(function),we cannot use require command to import dependent node_modeule or js file, which 
	means at least we cannot call each evaluator.js file ,as a result,this package cannot work currently.
   2. Setting a global variable: we set a global variable. 
	Before the first time we send http request, the value is true and after the backend getting this request,the value becomes false. Then we judge whether 
	this value is true, if not, we return. If we could successfully response this request, we set this value to true again. However, once we check the browser
	network property, we see the browser still sends the request again and again. The reason may be that the response and calculation session takes too long
	time and the brower cannot wait, after renew by brower itself, the client send the new request again and the global value has been set to true again. 
   3. Using res.redirect('/') before evaluateRepo function
	The webpage will be redirect to homepage at first and then we evaluate repo as well as update mongodb, however, the new data won't render to the homepage
	even we used window.location.reload() to refresh homepage. Only one way can we see the new rendering page is that refresh homepage manually.
   4. Using res.redirect('/') before evaluateRepo function and two embeded ajax
	The page will firstly be directed to the homepage and the evaluation wil be processed in cmd.exe. However, the program will evaluate repo in a long time. During 
	this period, users can operate UI page. If you could see "Finish All Calculation", it means reanalyse has been done.   
	 